More module documentation (#815)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/user/03-60-formatting-service-binding-secret.md

  ```
* Secret

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: v1
  metadata:
    name: sample-binding
  kind: Secret
  stringData:
    uri: https://my-service.authentication.eu10.hana.ondemand.com
    client_id: admin
    client_secret: ********
    instance_guid: your-sample-instance-guid // The service instance ID
    instance_name: sample-instance // Taken from the service instance external_name field if set. Otherwise from metadata.name
    plan: sample-plan // The service plan name                
    type: sample-service  // The service offering name
  ```

## Credentials as a JSON Object

To show credentials that the service broker returns within the Secret resource as a JSON object, use the **secretKey** attribute in the service binding spec.
The value of the **secretKey** is the name of the key that stores the credentials in the JSON format, as in the following examples:

* Service binding

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: services.cloud.sap.com/v1
  kind: ServiceBinding
  metadata:
    name: sample-binding
  spec:
    serviceInstanceName: sample-instance
    secretKey: myCredentials
  ```
* Secret

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: v1
  kind: Secret
  metadata:
    name: sample-binding

>   stringData:

Reviewer: During my tests secrets has been rendered under `data` field.

Ensure the template is in the YAML format and has the structure of a Kubernetes Secret. 

In the provided Secret, you can customize the `metadata` and `stringData` sections with the following options:

- `metadata`: labels and annotations
- `stringData`: customize or utilize one of the available formatting options as detailed in the [Formats of Service Binding Secrets](#formats-of-service-binding-secrets) section.

> [!NOTE]  
> If you customize `stringData`, it takes precedence over the provided pre-defined formats.

The provided templates are executed on a map with the following available attributes:

| Reference         | Description                                |                                                                          
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------|
| **instance.instance_guid** |  The service instance ID.     |
| **instance.instance_name** |  The service instance name.   |                                                
| **instance.plan**   |  The name of the service plan used to create this service instance. |  

> | **instance.type**   |  The name of the associated service offering. |  

Reviewer: Missing `instance.label` reference.

> | **credentials.attributes(var)**   |  The content of the credentials depends on a service. For more details, refer to the documentation of the service you're using. |  

Reviewer: There is not info about sprig functions that can be utilized in the template.

> # Formats of Service Binding Secrets

Reviewer 2: where do you make the split between instructional docs that are under "tutorials", and instructional docs that are under "user"? Meaning, while this doesn't have step instructions (though it could, with a bit of refactoring), doesn't this also answer a question of "how do I..." (in this case, ...specify the format of the secret)? 

If content could be both, descriptive (a DITA concept topic) or instructional (a DITA task topic), I'd argue it's always better to choose the instructional format, because that's more hands-on and thus more user-friendly.

* Attributes of the associated service instance: The details of the service instance itself.

However, the Secret resources can come in various formats:
* Default key-value pairs
* A JSON object
* One JSON object with credentials and service information
* Custom formats

## Key-Value Pairs

If you do not use any of the attributes, the generated Secret is by default in the key-value pair format, as in the following examples:

* Service binding

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: services.cloud.sap.com/v1
  kind: ServiceBinding
  metadata:
    name: my-binding
  spec:
    serviceInstanceName: my-service-instance
  ```
* Secret

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: v1
  metadata:
    name: my-binding
  kind: Secret
  stringData:
    uri: https://my-service.authentication.eu10.hana.ondemand.com
    client_id: admin
    client_secret: ********
    instance_guid: my-sample-instance-guid // The service instance ID
    instance_name: my-service-instance // Taken from the service instance external_name field if set. Otherwise from metadata.name
    plan: sample-plan // The service plan name                
    type: sample-service  // The service offering name
  ```

> 

Reviewer 2: If formatted as task topic, everything above this line is "Context", while everything below are instructions - how to switch from the default setup to another format. 

The instructions are probably alternatives to each other, not a sequence of steps, but in DITA, that could be done with the `<steps-unordered>` tag.

You don't have to do this, but it's worth considering.

- `metadata`: labels and annotations
- `stringData`: customize or utilize one of the available formatting options following the instructions in the [Overview](#overview) section.

> [!NOTE]  
> If you customize `stringData`, it takes precedence over the provided pre-defined formats.

The provided templates are executed on a map with the following available attributes:

| Reference         | Description                                |                                                                          
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------|
| **instance.instance_guid** |  The service instance ID.     |
| **instance.instance_name** |  The service instance name.   |                                                
| **instance.plan**   |  The name of the service plan used to create this service instance. |  
| **instance.type**   |  The name of the associated service offering. |  
| **credentials.attributes(var)**   |  The content of the credentials depends on a service. For more details, refer to the documentation of the service you're using. |  

> See two examples demonstrating the ServiceBinding and generated Secret resources:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples demonstrate the ServiceBinding and generated Secret resources:
```
(avoid mentioning the number; it might change and then you'd have to remember overwriting the number :D)
